c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\theme\ColourfulDarkTheme.baml
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\theme\ColourfulLightTheme.baml
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\theme\DarkTheme.baml
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\theme\LightTheme.baml
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\theme\ColourfulDarkTheme.g.cs
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\theme\ColourfulLightTheme.g.cs
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\theme\DarkTheme.g.cs
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\theme\LightTheme.g.cs
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.AvalonEdit.dll
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.AvalonEdit.xml
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\keycheck.g.cs
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\keycheck.baml
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\splash.g.cs
c:\users\robyu\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\splash.baml
